Title: Look at the Sky and Unplug those Bad Tech Habits this Summer

----

Description: Our gadgets consume us and prevent us from living in the moment.

----

Text: 

Bad habits used to take the form of cigarettes and alcohol.

But what we don’t know is that now, technology is forming itself into a bad habit.

Our gadgets consume us and prevent us from living in the moment. We spend hours looking at screens and we forget that there is a great day in front of us.

As the blue skies arrive this summer, let’s find some time to break our bad technology habits. Get conscious and unplug from technology to break these habits starting today:

1.	Refreshing your email/social media
Don’t wait to get that new notification or that new email because it will come when it comes. Give yourself time to look away from your phone by setting regular intervals for checking your inbox.

2.	Lurking around social media.
Most people won’t admit it, but looking at their feed can cause unhealthy feelings of jealousy and loneliness. These social networks may paint an unrealistic world that keeps us from feeling grateful for the life we have.

3.	Eating and looking at the computer.
Our bodies digest better when we are focused on what we are chewing. And also, food tastes 100 times better when we aren’t looking at our computers or phones!

4.	Viewing nature through a screen.
Remember that nature is meant to be experienced. Put the phone down and just look at that magnificent sunset.

5.	Sitting too much
Being in front of the computer can foster bad posture and make us gain weight! Go out and take a walk especially when the sun’s out!


Sources:
- Eadicicco, L. (2014). 10 Horrible Tech Habits You Need To Break Today. Retrieved February 22, 2016, from http://www.businessinsider.com/worst-tech-habits-2014-11?op=1
- 8 Bad Tech Habits You Need to Break Today. (2014). Retrieved February 20, 2016, from http://www.inc.com/john-brandon/8-bad-tech-habits-you-need-to-break-today.html 
- Eadicicco, L. (2014). 10 Horrible Tech Habits you Need to Break Today. Retrieved February 20, 2016, from http://www.businessinsider.com/worst-tech-habits -2014-11?op=1

----

Photo: tech-addiction.jpg

----

Author: 

----

Related: 

- 
  slug: manage-stress-and-rest-your-weary-heart
- 
  slug: ways-to-enjoy-a-stress-free-summer

----

Tags: 

----

Featured: 0