Title: Tips to Beat Summer Weight Gain

----

Description: Christmas is not the only season where we gain weight.

----

Text: 

Christmas is not the only season where we gain weight.

During summer, we go out on holidays and vacations where we indulge ourselves: eating, drinking and lounging away the hot summer days.

Here are some tips to still fit into that swimsuit and avoid the summer bulge:

6.	Watch out for the refreshing sweet drinks.
Hydrating is a big part of this hot season, but sometimes a glass of iced cold soda sounds even better. However, these commercial sweet drinks contain high sugar levels that add up to the calories. 

7.	Hit the gym.
Sure, it might be too hot to run outside, but there are many air-conditioned options out there. Don’t let excuses stop you from working out this season.

8.	Go easy on the ice cream.
One of the best feelings in the world is eating a scoop of ice cream on a hot and humid day. Over indulging on ice cream can make you gain weight, so take it easy on getting more than a scoop.

9.	Eat balanced meals and drink lots of water.
Have you ever said “I’ll eat and drink anything coz I’m on vacation!”? But have you considered its effects on your health when you say that 5 days in a row? Try to be mindful by consuming balanced meals when you’re out of town, and don’t forget to drink lots of water.

10.	Limit the fruity cocktails.
Umbrella drinks are great during vacations but did you know these drinks contain 600-800 calories per glass? Keep the happy hour a healthy hour by going for clear liquor with calorie-free beverage. 


Sources:
- 4 Summer Pitfalls That Lead To Weight Gain. (n.d.). Retrieved February 20, 2016, from http://www.prevention.com/weight-loss/weight-loss-tips/causes-summer-weight-gain
- 12 Ways to Beat Summer Weight Gain. (n.d.). Retrieved February 23, 2016, from http://www.health.com/health/gallery/0,,20933109,00.html

----

Photo: summer-weight-gain.jpg

----

Author: 

----

Related: 

----

Tags: 

----

Featured: 0