Title: Building a Healthy Relationship with Food

----

Description: One step you can take to personal healing is a better relationship with food.

----

Text: 

As functional medicine practitioners, one of the first things that we try to repair in those we treat is their relationship with food. As Dr. Oyie Balburias, our Senior Medical Consultant, always says, people often eat their way into the problems or illnesses that they currently have and the best way to start the healing process is to eat their way out of it.

All of this starts with an improved relationship with food. For many of us, our relationship with what we eat is often complicated. We know what’s good for us but we can’t help sneaking in that piece of cake in the middle of the night or grabbing fast food when we’re in a rush. For some people, it’s gotten so complicated that their relationship with food has become counterproductive to their physical and emotional wellbeing.

First and foremost, food is not something to fear. It should be seen as something that gives you life, nourishes you, and, especially for Filipinos, is something to be shared. Eating should be a positive experience that, instead of hindering and restricting you with diets and calories, is as means towards a better and healthier you.

Here are some quick tips on how to improve your relationship with food:


1. Slow down.
The world moves so fast already. Try not to eat at your desk or wolf down your food. Treat the time you eat as non-negotiable “You Time” and take a break from everything else.

2. Stop punishing yourself for bad food choices. 
Everyone makes mistakes. It’s just going to stress you out. And stop comparing too. Everyone’s eating habits and needs are different and it’s no use comparing yourself when what someone else does may not be good for you.

3. Check out mindful eating and see if it works for you.
Enjoy every bite to the fullest and really soak in that experience instead of taking it for granted.

4. Are you really hungry?
When reaching for that snack, try to determine if you’re really actually hungry. Are you really hungry? If not, maybe there’s something emotional going that might be better addressed by talking to someone instead.

 5. Start a food diary. 
Be aware of the different things that you feed your body and how each food item makes you feel. What made you want to eat that? Why did you eat that much or that little? Knowing these details prepare you to make better decisions regarding what and how you eat.

Do you need any help when it comes to your food? Check out our Core Nutrition Program or schedule a Nutrition Consultation today with a quick call to 828-LIFE or e-mail us at web@lifescience.ph.

----

Photo: food-relationship.jpg

----

Author: 

----

Related: 

----

Tags: 

----

Featured: 0